Read zarr v2 NWB files via a dedicated `NWBZarrV2IO` (#349)
hdmf-dev/hdmf-zarr: docs/source/overview.rst

-----------------

- The Zarr backend is currently experimental and may still change.

> - **Zarr v3 only for write:** This version of hdmf-zarr writes zarr v3 format only. Zarr v2 folders can only be read in read-only mode with the :py:class:`~hdmf_zarr.nwb_v2.NWBZarrV2IO` class. Zarr v2 folders can be converted to v3 using the :py:meth:`~hdmf_zarr.nwb_v2.NWBZarrV2IO.convert_to_v3` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Zarr v2 read-only:** Zarr v2 folders can only be read in read-only mode with the :py:class:`~hdmf_zarr.backend_zarrv2.ZarrV2IO` and corresponding :py:class:`~hdmf_zarr.nwb_v2.NWBZarrV2IO` classes. Writing of new Zarr v2 files is not supported, i.e., new files can only be written in Zarr v3 via :py:class:`~hdmf_zarr.backend.ZarrIO` and :py:class:`~hdmf_zarr.nwbNWBZarrIO`. Zarr v2 folders can be converted to v3 using the :py:meth:`~hdmf_zarr.nwb_v2.NWBZarrV2IO.convert_to_v3` function. (since v0.14)
```

The `Zarr v3 only for write` sounds like hdmf_zarr may only be able to write v3 but not read. Since the change is to full support or Zarr v3 and limited (read-only_ support for Zarr v2, I would propose to rephrase this to instead state the limitations for v2.
